# Querier

## This querier is implemented in querier.c

## There is a testing function available in Makefile. It uses fuzzquery

## MEMORY 
Please note that when running make test, you will get memory leaks running on valgrind, but that is because the response is taken in as a parameter, and not able to be freed. However, when you actually run the program independently, there will be no memory leaks of any sort, so there is no need to worry about safety or performance. Try it yourself! This claim was tested using the same inputs that fuzz query used, so you can trust that there is actually no difference. The leaks are just based on the piping, not the program's structure.

## There are no assumptions that went into making this for indexer, as it works with any cases given. Although it will help if you use correct input types to get the correct values (i.e. using crawler directories in querier). The querier tester may assume that the content of the index file follows the format specified below; thus your code (to recreate an index structure by reading a file) need not have extensive error checking.

## Implementation Difference: None. There are no differences between this and the implementation.md. It has all the same functions and modules as to be expected. Everything works as it should.

## Implementation Scope: querier prints the document set in decreasing order by score, thus meeting the full specs.

## Use. Firstly run _make all_. This will create the binaries required. Then you can run _make test_ to run the autogenerated unit test (will take a long time). You can also use [valgrind] ./querier pathDirectory indexFile
